Update sql-server-linux-setup-machine-learning.md (#8541)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/linux/sql-server-linux-setup-machine-learning.md

# Optionally, if your system does not have the https apt transport option
apt-get install apt-transport-https

> # If you are on Ubuntu 20.04, install the following package (R queries need the shared library libtinfo.so.5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If you are on Ubuntu 20.04, install the following package (MRO 3.5 has a dependency on libtinfo.so.5 in Ubuntu 20.04)
```
